I am the very model of a scientist Salarian
I've studies species turian, asari, and batarian
I'm quite good at genetics as a subset of biology
Because I am an expert which I know is a tautology.

In four directions cardinal I know the blot routine-ry
I problem-solve with tools and guns and even farm machinery.
I'll sing your genome base to base, the T the A the C and G
I'll solve your ailments be you sick or stroking out or seizure-y

He'll solve your ailments be you sick or stroking out or seizure-y!
He'll solve your ailments be you sick or stroking out or seizure-y!
He'll solve your ailments be you sick or stroking out or seizure-seizure-y!

My knowledge is prodigious though I'm stuffy and professor-y
I'm fluent in the vorcha tongue and hanar luminescer-y
My xenoscience studies range from urban to agrarian
I am the very model of a scientist Salarian!

His xenoscience studies range from urban to agrarian
He is the very model of a scientist salarian!
While you're still eating breakfast I am studying catalysis
My ideal date would finish with statistical analysis
I've mastered optic instruments, reflective and refractory
I don't begrudge the quarians their hypochondriact-ery

I've memorized – eidetic – all my patients' anamnesises.
I've written papers, scores and scores, and that's not counting thesises!
I'll toxify my enemies with nary an apology\nThen spend my weekends brushing up on elcor enzymology!

He spends his weekends brushing up on elcor enzymology!
He spends his weekends brushing up on elcor enzymology!
He spends his weekends brushing up on elcor enzymolomology!
When I complete a surgery I sign my name in suturing
I've cut up more batarians than Torfan's famous butchering!
If knowledge is a library than I'm its king librarian
I am the very model of a scientist salarian!

If knowledge is a library than he's its king librarian
He is the very model of a scientist salarian!

When I know all the acids be they levo, dextro rotamers,
When I tell your asari child her genes are only sortof yours.
When I read all the theories that my colleagues find heretical
When I know all the finer points of therapies genetical
When I could still cure cancer with my brain just halfway functioning.
When I can fix mutating cells, the point, the nondisjunctioning!
In short, when I've a smattering of transgenetic strategy
You'll say another scientist has never yet been half of me!

You'll say another scientist has never yet been half of him!
You'll say another scientist has never yet been half of him!
You'll say another scientist has never yet been half been half of him!

Though my skeptics call me mad and though they always try to censure me
And even though I'm lucky if I live just half a century
Even on my offdays I'd outdo the best Noverian
I am the very model of a scientist salarian!

Even on his offdays he'd outdo the best Noverian
He is the very model of a scientist salarian!

